#Project: Enigma

Group Member Names: Mason Holland and Aaron Olsen

Project Expectations: What does each group member hope to get out of this project?

Mason: I hope to learn and feel good about the code I've written. I would also love to comprehend recursion and a few more enumerables.

Aaron: I hope that I learn something and feel good about. I have no interest in encryption but I think it will be fascinating anyway.

Goals and expectations:

Aaron: At least get 3's on everything. Finish the project and time to refactor.

Mason: Finish in good time and feel good about the code I have written. Also would love to have time to refactor.

Team strengths:

Aaron: Responsibility, achiever, learner, ideation and relator.

Mason: Communication, positivity, input and honesty.

How to overcome obstacles:

Aaron: Not yet.

Mason: Persevere and don't be afraid to ask for help.

Schedule Expectations (When are we available to work together and individually?):

Aaron: 1 day busy

Mason: 2 or 3 Days busy but happy to spend all next week as long as we need.

Communication Expectations (How and often will we communicate? How do we keep lines of communication open?):

Aaron: As long as we do what we say we will do and if we can't we communicate it.

Mason: Daily and as needed.

Abilities Expectations (Technical strengths and areas for desired improvement):

Aaron: Clean code, good mindset, hard work. Testing to be improved.

Mason: Good sounding board. Lots to improve upon.

Workload Expectations (What features do we each want to work on?):

Aaron: Had more time, worked together for the most part.

Mason: Not a lot of time, worked together for the most part.

Workflow Expectations (Git workflow/Tools/Code Review/Reviewing Pull Requests):

Aaron: Side by side for reviews.

Mason: Side by side for reviews.

Expectations for giving and receiving feedback:

Open communication.

Agenda to discuss project launch:

N/A

Ideas:

Using the pre work to build upon the hash cipher.

Tools:

Minitest, TDD, SimpleCov, and pry/irb.
